Update Psp docs for v1.0 release: guardian based duplication (#363)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/noise/row_noise.rst

When applying :code:`omit_row` noise, each row of data is selected for omission
independently with probability :code:`row_probability`.

Duplicate with guardian
-----------------------

A known challenge in entity resolution is people being reported multiple
times at different addresses. This can occur when family structures are
complex and children spend time at multiple households. A related
challenge occurs with college students, who are sometimes counted both at their
university and at their guardian’s home address.

> To facilitate this type of error, we have simulants assigned to guardians
> within the simulation. Sometimes, those guardians may live at
> different addresses than their dependents. In this case, there is an
> opportunity for duplication. Since this mechanism occurs within the
> simulation, there is a natural maximum on how many simulants can be duplicated
> in this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think we need this paragraph from the concept model -- it was targeted more towards the engineers building the sim.

> Guardian-based duplication is applied to two mutually exclusive categories of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simulate such challenges, pseudopeople can apply this type of duplication to two mutually exclusive categories of
```
Rewording assuming the previous paragraph is deleted.

> simulants based on age and GQ status: Simulants younger than 18 (<18) and not
> in GQ and simulants under 24 (<24) and in college GQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simulants based on age and GQ status: Simulants younger than 18 and not
in GQ and simulants under 24 and in college GQ.
```
We needed to make sure to be extra clear and precise for the engineers, but I think writing out these clarifications will mostly just be distracting for users.

> For each of the two categories of simulants, the maximum duplication rate will
> be calculated based on those who have a guardian living at a different address
> in the sim. Most simulants in college GQ will have a guardian at a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each of the two categories of simulants, a maximum duplication rate will
be calculated based on those who have a guardian living at a different address.
Most simulants in college GQ will have a guardian at a
```
Changing "the" to "a" since, if we delete the above paragraph, we won't have already mentioned the maximum. Also, I don't think it's necessary to mention "the sim" here.

different address, but most simulants younger than 18 will not.
If you as the user select a duplication rate that is higher than the 

> calculated maximum rate in the sim, you will see a warning that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
calculated maximum rate, you will see a warning that 
```
I think mentioning the sim might be confusing to users.

When applying :code:`omit_row` noise, each row of data is selected for omission
independently with probability :code:`row_probability`.

Duplicate with guardian
-----------------------

> A known entity resolution challenge is children being reported multiple

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A known challenge in entity resolution is children being reported multiple
```

> A known entity resolution challenge is children being reported multiple

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A known entity resolution challenge is people being reported multiple
```

I think "children" doesn't obviously include college students, and it is explained in more detail in the next sentence anyway.

times at different addresses. This can occur when family structures are

> complex and children might spend time at multiple households. A related

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
complex and children spend time at multiple households. A related
```

> challenge occurs with college students, who often are counted both at their

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
challenge occurs with college students, who are sometimes counted both at their
```

university and at their guardian’s home address.

To facilitate this type of error, we have simulants assigned to guardians

> within the simulation. Sometimes, those guardians may move and live at

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
within the simulation. Sometimes, those guardians may live at
```

Reviewer 3: Since this can happen for other reasons besides moving (e.g. all college GQ at initialization)

different addresses than their dependents. In this case, there is an
opportunity for duplication. Since this mechanism occurs within the

> simulation, there is a natural maximum that we will impose in the

Reviewer 2: I don't understand what this natural maximum is

> simulation, there is a natural maximum that we will impose in the
> noise function.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
simulation, there is a natural maximum on how many simulants can be duplicated
in this way.
```

Guardian-based duplication is applied to two mutually exclusive categories of

> simulants based on age and GQ status: Simulants younger than 18  (<18) and not

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
simulants based on age and GQ status: Simulants younger than 18 (<18) and not
```

in GQ and simulants under 24 (<24) and in college GQ.

For each of the two categories of simulants, the maximum duplication rate will
be calculated based on those who have a guardian living at a different address

> in the sim. Note that all simulants in *college* GQ are initialized with a
> guardian living at a different address, but this is not true for simulants in
> other types of GQ, so both maximum duplication rates will be less than
> 100%. If you as the user select a duplication rate that is higher than the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
in the sim. Most simulants in college GQ will have a guardian at a
different address, but most simulants younger than 18 will not.
If you as the user select a duplication rate that is higher than the 
```

I think this is an unnecessary level of detail for the pseudopeople docs.

> calculated maximum rate in the sim, a warning will be issued explaining that 
> the selected rate is greater than the maximum available, and the actual rate of 
> duplication should be set to the maximum for the specified simulant category.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
calculated maximum rate in the sim, you will see a warning that 
the requested rate is greater than the maximum possible.
```

I think this can be a bit more concise. The warning message itself provides more details, if the user finds themselves in this situation.

This noise type is called :code:`duplicate_with_guardian` in the configuration. 
It takes two parameters:

.. list-table:: Parameters to the duplicate_with_guardian noise type
  :widths: 1 5 3
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Parameter
    - Description
    - Default
  * - :code:`row_probability_in_households_under_18`
    - The probability that a simulant under 18 in a household is recorded twice.

>     - 0.05 (5%)

Reviewer 3: Is the default really 5% for both? It seems like it should be much lower for this category than the college category.

Author: Hmm yeah I put 5% based on [this slack thread](https://ihme.slack.com/archives/C02KUQ9LX32/p1703196328009399?thread_ts=1703183820.206599&cid=C02KUQ9LX32) from a couple weeks ago, assuming this is what Jim implemented. I might have misunderstood something though

Reviewer 3: You're right, that [is what Jim implemented](https://github.com/ihmeuw/pseudopeople/pull/361/files#diff-6cd04081d627fca6439a9f697ad36a036f010132f10ae66387d381018801b9adR28-R29). @NathanielBlairStahn can you shed some light?

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure 5% was just a made-up number, and we used the same percentage for both groups for simplicity (5% for both groups was written in the docs before I edited them, and I just left it). @zmbc do you have any more realistic estimates?

Reviewer 3: I don't have any data on this, no. Seems like the most relevant thing the Census Bureau has recently published is [this blog](https://www.census.gov/newsroom/blogs/random-samplings/2021/04/how_we_unduplicated.html) but it doesn't include even ballpark numbers.

I expect we will want to adjust our `row_probability_in_households_under_18`; I'd assume that 5% would cause a warning.

Reviewer: Let's go with 2% for under 18, based on [Zeb's slack post](https://ihme.slack.com/archives/C02KUQ9LX32/p1705083307080909), and leave college students at 5% for now, until we can derive a better estimate from the sources Krista sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - 0.02 (2%)
```
